Update CONTRIBUTING.md for Grammar + Clarity (#282)
beeware/Python-Apple-support: CONTRIBUTING.md

changes are made.

Note that the `MAJOR.MINOR-patched` branch of that fork is maintained in the format
of a *patch tree*, which is a branch that consists of an entirely linear sequence of
commits applied on top of another branch (in the case of the fork, `MAJOR.MINOR`),

> each of which adding a new feature. Therefore, a bug fix for an existing commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each of which adds a significant new feature. Therefore, a bug fix for an existing commit
```
